Stunning.
We officially know the basics and general idea behind transition.
Why don't we take a look at the transition delay property as well as how we can write a shorthand because
otherwise you might find it annoying if you're going to have 50 properties.
If you're going to have to specifically name all of them in your transition property Well first and
foremost let's go with delay since I think this is gonna be as straightforward as it gets.
So again we're going to write transition so we're saying transition where are you delay.
And then we're saying for some kind of delay.
Now I don't know how long you would like to wait.
Do you want me to talk for nothing for 10 seconds or let's say 30 seconds.
Now at the moment I'm going to add this.
What is going to happen is that this is gonna take three seconds.
So this would happen over three seconds and now only then the changes are going to take place.
Now as I'm hovering I'm going to wait.
Wait wait wait wait.
And then after three seconds my transition takes place again.
Nothing really to add as straightforward as it gets.
This is just going to delay our transition so far so good.
All right about like I said if this gets really annoying if you have multiple properties that you would
like to change or using this is gonna be the best syntax where we just need to add a property the duration
delay and this is where the image comes into play meaning remember when we were covering the background
image eventually we came up with a really neat and nifty syntax where we just wrote all our values so
we can do something very similar over here.
Well first of all let me delete this.
Say we're gonna get rid of this.
Then I also like to probably get rid of this however because otherwise this might be a little bit confusing
to you.
Let's say that we only going to be working with our third year.
Let's just leave the other two.
And we're going to copy and paste it and we're gonna say that we're gonna be changing two things as
we're hovering border radius and background.
But what I would like to understand if we can add anything over here as long as we are following the
proper syntax not the proper syntax would be like this.
We're going to first have the transition then we're going to have to write the name of the transition.
So let's say in our case or I'm sorry the name of the property we're gonna write the background.
So that's gonna be our first thing and then we're gonna be looking for how the transition is gonna take
place.
So how long the transition duration.
In our case we're gonna say well this is gonna be three second and then we have an option of adding
if we would want to have some kind of delay.
So in my case let's say I'm gonna be looking for five seconds.
Now the moment we're gonna say it first of all please understand that this is gonna be option.
What you're really really for shortening it is gonna be in these three seconds.
You know just to make it actually a little bit more understanding I'm going to write a way at it.
And now what happens is that the background is gonna change place in three seconds.
Now I'm still having my border radius so maybe let me come in this out because this might be a little
bit confusing.
So the background is gonna take change in three seconds.
Again something really similar we already covered but this would be the shorthand.
So far so good.
Then we have an optional one and that is gonna be how the transition is gonna take place but we are
going to cover that in the next video.
So for now I'm just going to leave this blank.
But we also have an option of delay.
So let's say in this case I'm writing the delay and then I'm saying the delay is gonna take two seconds.
Now first as I'm hovering we're going to wait for two seconds and then the background is gonna be changing
over the period of three seconds.
So far so good.
What else.
Well if I would want the border radius I can do the same thing and say border.
And I have the same properties here.
You want to write the same ones you can write the same ones where we can say I don't know the border
radius is gonna take place our five seconds as well as the delay is gonna be out on one second.
Something like this doesn't really matter as long as you make sure that these properties are correct.
Now let me uncommon this.
Now we're gonna wait for two seconds for the background to change and then after one second I'm gonna
have my border radius which is gonna take five seconds.
Again something we already have covered.
What's really nifty though if we would like to have the same duration the same delay and all that.
We can write even bigger shorter where we just write like this.
I'm going to say first of all all the properties and this is a syntax so don't write it your own.
This needs to be in this word for all then we're saying how the transition duration is going to look
like and in our case I don't know we can say for just for change again this is going to be four seconds
and delay is going to be I don't know five seconds.
Again this is gonna be optional.
So you might not add it you might add it doesn't really matter.
And then I'm going to first I'll wait for this day to appear because that's gonna be the thing when
this pretty much this transition right now is taking place.
Now the moment is there is gonna appear.
Notice what's gonna happen.
So as I'm hovering now we're gonna wait for five seconds.
So we're waiting waiting waiting waiting waiting.
And the moment our five seconds are up then both of these things are happening.
The border radius as well as the background and both of them take change over force seconds of time.
Now this is how we can work with delays as well as this is all we can work with the actual shorthand
for their transition property.